The first radio business being the resolution that he was going to submit and that he had drawn up on the devices maybe is changing and that he is in the process of having it tight and subsequently has to be fully opening until 1130.
So we will continue to stand and read this until 1130.
Oh, on the witness is a business.
What's the job of us to treat with a document?
Well, I told you to be in love with the director.
Now the Secretary of the Director is rewriting the resolution that he proposed to offer this morning for the committee approval.
He's got called in to say that he had him the resolution tight up and asked that the winds be delayed until 1130 this morning.
I believe there's some discussion now.
I'll tell whether the wind should be conducted with the witness for the meeting of the position in the chair and then the resolution offered at the time the Secretary comes to the committee room.
The Secretary's request for bail is in order for the committee hearing with not to be called to order until 1130.
That's the Eastern Day Lifetime or about 50 minutes from now.
The Secretary directs from the Washington State, referring to acting chairman Senator Charles Month.
One up.
Hello.
I'll move that witness is reorganized until 12000 is ready for rescue to receive the command with his revised resolution.
The first time he was in the office was a meeting to order and I was just a meeting announcement.
The second direction had requested that the nine with the understanding that he was to make his motion the first order of business.
And he called me an ass-mace to state that he was getting the thing tied up and minographed in the announcement.
At the credit to the hymn that we were deferring to the opening of the hearing cell 1130, which the chair had said he would do.
And the witnesses will be dismissed until 1130, where we can be in complete 1130.
May it be a thumbnail like this?
We have a light to welcome our guests to the committee room and advise them if they have not been here before that we have a committee room requiring that there be no audible manifestations of approval or disapproval of any time that any time.
You are welcome to be here, so long as you comply with that room, the officers and the agents have a standing instruction from the committee to select the correct from the room immediately.
Any of our guests who violate the terms under which they came into the committee room, I want to say again that the agents are interpretably magnificent, those in whose long hearing.
And if the officers have done this, then we shall stop as opposed to the person who is in the room.
The chair had agreed as a conclusion of the meeting yesterday, the business meeting that we seated the hearing to recognize some instructions of the professionalist to making a motion.
He has it now typed out.
The copy is available for the members of the committee on the press and I will distribute them and then recognize them for the judge.
One, two, three, one.
You got to do it again.
I'll give one big hand.
Senator Kyle Mons, passing out the revised Dirk's and motion.
Yes, come on up by the much.
We'll come up for our consideration in four votes, almost immediately.
Senator McClellan this morning, I really hope the morning deputy did not know what was in the motion and revised for him to get nothing inside.
Senator.
It's Chairman first of all, let me apologize to the committee for discommoting a session this morning.
The answer is very simple.
The day is extremely long, there is so much work to be accomplished that I just might as almost impossible within the space of on 18 hour day to get around or everything.
And then sometimes my people challenge you not to settle and seeking to interpret a few points of human reactions when it comes to language.
There are as a matter of fact only two modifications in this motion, apart from the motion that I made yesterday.
But Mr. General, I chose to minute formally now that I'll read it for the benefit of the committee.
That Senator McClellan may then call for testimony and for direct and cross-etermination, that only conclusion of Senator McClellan testimony, the public hearings be recessed.
And this next provide on Mr. Chairman is provided that other witnesses requested by any principal for a responsible may be called into recessed session for witnesses and such testimony may be made public immediately.
That's the new message. That committee counsel be instructed to survey the charges and testimony and interview all witnesses to get to by any party concerns as well as any other witnesses whom the chairman or counsel deemed necessary and then report his recommended statements of all witnesses and any other facts brought to the attention of counsel to the testimony, which testimony shall then determine whether further public hearings are necessary.
That as a conclusion of the testimony by Senator Carpitz, the regular testimony shall be doomed its normal functions under the rules of the Senate with respect to any matter is not related to the pending conversation.
And this next phrase Mr. Chairman is with the understanding that no investigation of military installations or personnel shall be undertaken until the subcommittee has concluded defending investigations.
And that subcommittee counsel can freely survey and make his report to the subcommittee not later than June 10, 1964.
I think the new language with the chairman speaks for itself very well and I have nothing else by way of explanation to me except that in my judgment in the public interest in a time of tension, I trust that we can get these hearings.
I think first of all that is that the solution that he is within the rules that it is within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee as I interpret the rules that were adopted for the conduct of this year.
I should really hold that in a chance. That's a principle can agree because we have gone far to you and we've departed someone already from the essential and the simple issues that were involved, namely the charge of the investigation.
The charge of the conduct made by the Army and the answer in the county charge was made by the kind of massacres handstands to the effect that the Ukraine's violence by certain motives that have already been positive and fragmented before this year.
That's the whole story in the night.
The charge of the executive representative is the second to voice action, the second to motion, the second to voice, the second to the second to the second to the second to the second to the second to the second to the second to the second to the second to the second.
We have to recognize first any members of the committee. So I might want to speak on the motion.
Mr. Chairman, I have sent him a call.
I should just use the end and file the principles where they have agreed to this motion.
The charge expected to require the principles and then they will have to send them a phone.
I just want to offer first of all to the members of the committee. The applicant would be saying anything that they might want to say to the executive representative.
Mr. Chairman, perhaps wanting to mandatory words, maybe necessary, with respect to the first item of the new matter included in the President's motion.
It came as always the reason of a question that was raised by Mr. Wells at one of the hearings in the room, 350.
Where he raised the question of possible reputlance. And this language is the result of my rather modest seculations on that point.
And I read the language again for by that other witnesses requested by any principal for reputlance may be called in the exact discussion for which that testimony be made public immediately.
That does make the testimony available. It does not include upon the continuity of the proceed.
But at some point of major moments to the rise, that was literally contested. There was then the chance to bring a witness into executive session for the purpose of offering reputlance along that point.
The sender yields at that point. Yes.
Eric and I are sent about. And would that propose a witness being called to submit a new evidence and a new testimony?
Well, I thought perhaps it ought to go only to reputlance. So I have used the word of the book a little later.
Yes. And the judge has been convened.
That's the whole white if I understand the treaties of this controversy. There's yet to be heard.
Unnithal charges by some of the principals that are in the form of charges and countercharts. The sender's motion limits the testimony after Senator McCarthy appears only to reputl testimony.
Well, I think that is another word you can only reflect testimony offered in this public hearing.
But if I read the documents that have been presented to the committee for the foundation of the charges, which the committee started the investigation, it includes from each of the principals, denial, the charges and also charges of an affirmative made sure by each of the principals.
By the very nature this motion will mean that any witnesses after the two of the principals have been heard can't only testify in reputlance testimony given in this open hearing.
That matter, Mr. Chairman, I thought some silly by the other language of the bill, or in the resolution with reference to the responsibilities of council to take statements and with the statement to make further examination to report a resume.
And then for the committee to determine whether further public hearing should be reinstated at a later date.
With reference to the directive in the motion for the council to interview witnesses, I would like to inspire a council that's not true that he's already interviewed the witnesses in accordance with the directive from the committee at the outset of the hearing.
That was done before 2400 pages of testimony.
I think the council has been answered that question.
I mean, where is the judgment?
Chairman, as far as we know of who, we know that we have interviewed all of the principals for this controversy.
As far as we know of who we have interviewed, all corrupt or atheist witnesses.
I might say however that from time to time, all of the parties for this controversy are presenting to us a dish of witnesses, when we are interviewing an executive session.
We never know the senator Jackson when we have finished, but we have done just precisely what I have now taken.
Yes, well, it's natural that there would be new witnesses from time to time that would have to be interviewed because of the testimony developed in the hearing.
But it's my understanding, then, that they all of the principals have been interviewed in a lot of collateral witnesses.
It's pretty good.
You were entirely correct.
So the motion really instead of asking to interview witnesses for the most part would be simply worded to re-interview witnesses.
We asked on the very surface the motion correct.
It seemed to me that it provided both for me and you, as you read that, and interviewing any other witnesses.
That the chairman of the council and the chairman of the council, because the chairman there is an intermediary, deemed the deputy.
And, of course, his resume of the state is the element of the committee, of course, that he's devised the chair's agenda and to show that to the other committee members.
The council has interviewed these witnesses that we have not been given a summary or a resume of what they have said.
That's a perfect question.
It wouldn't be necessary to recess the hearings and have council re-interview the witnesses.
All we need to get from council is the summary of the information that council has received in connection with the interview of those witnesses.
I think that's just a good question.
Is the interpretation of the motion that that's the right, for interviews or re-interviews and the summaries.
The resume says that the committee would know just that council has determined in the fact that the interview is very good.
May I ask a question, Mr. Chairman?
Yes, yes.
I have a question on the resolution interpretation anyone who's involved in the question, of course, on the interpretation of the first assignment.
You know, that's been the translation.
The difference is rather materially from one's to the other, yes, but I'd like to ask some suggestions.
If I am correct in this interpretation, the number one that's, we'll try to take a sound immediately, be subjected to a course with much examination, cross examination, any councilor members of the committee wants,
that is during my testimony any of the principal's feel that they can contradict what I am saying, that they have a right to call witnesses and that in executive session,
that there are customary made public, number one, number two, that this interruption of my testimony, be confined to a butthole and at the end of it.
Mr. Johnson and his staff complete their survey of the heavens and the additional witnesses they feel they must interview,
and that we're giving them a time limit of 30 days, but if they want to come in sooner than that, I'm very interested in this.
If they can come in sooner than that and render a report, I assume this would not preclude them from coming in sooner, is that correct?
The human chance was adopted partly on the gestures of council to make sure there would at least be ample time to complete a complete survey.
I think that is one other question Mr. Burton.
You refer to military installation, please, in front of the exact language, not the way of the standing controversy, but no,
but the understanding of new investigation from military installation of personnel shall be undertaken.
I think that is a problem of interpretation I would like to know now whether or not that would preclude the regular committee from going into the sunk plans for we have so many roughly under comparison, I think, coming to such a plan.
This will not be put into matter.
Definitely not.
The military installation is used there, for example, what it means, it must be a military installation that starts meeting.
And for any day, for any time, and military Christmas, many instruments they are having included there, because on reflection it occurs to me that it wouldn't be quite the fair thing to develop a advantage on one side or the other.
By having an investigation of matter that is not directly related to this controversy, it is in the same broad field and might be the versionary in teller.
And I think very promptly speaking, get off the begin fluid issue.
I may have said it some of the directions, may take 10 seconds.
I held on to the frozen motion fluid, but I wanted to have the explanation on the record in case that is adopted, but I can be no question of some piece of time.
I hope I may that be.
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to ask, under the direction of two questions, that most of you have presented.
The vehicle for Henry's, the view on him, due and just to say that this procedure is adopted, that all they present facts and account of rest of the debate.
What I haven't just write in style without it.
I think already there is so much testimony on the record with respect to the original charges and the county charges that the rest of it is certainly we can gather
without the two detail mobilizing the committee for one thing or carrying on at a spectacular plane for another.
And also all the buttons, facts, have been made possible.
Very definitely so. And even the transcripts that might be taken in exactly the session would be made probably immediately within the language of this resolution.
The care was about to inspire a contradiction on that particular point.
As I understand this resolution provides, regardless of what testimony might be sought and security and executive testimony, it would all be transmitted to the public.
Months in the face was a mega-sigaring to done which the diary was always about every hour and a two years.
A full transcript was given to the trust and do I further understand this just would not provide to a conclusion of the hearing.
But the transcripts provide for the putting of McCarthy on the stand, get here testimony and then during this interview,
provide for the counsels that reflect to the committee members those facts that we have not situated from the executive testimony at this time we would then determine whether further public hearings have been required in that session.
That's very clearly in the motion.
It's governor.
Now, it's under service.
As a governor, this is a long number of resolutions.
I suggest that before we have any decision on it, we should study it.
My understanding of Mr. Stevens is not feeling well.
We might suggest in a day we follow the decision on the decision and this decision is desired by Senator McCarthy and his staff.
Now, we proceed now to examine the witnesses and that we take this matter up sometime later after we've had a chance to thoroughly study it.
Mr. Chairman, I might say if Mr. Stevens is not feeling well, I don't understand any questions until the yesterday.
The hearing has been a terrible time.
It's been up how many questions it has been asked and the secretary was out of the veil that has probably got to the same answer.
I've seen a reason to pursue that.
We'll say that Secretary Stevens is not so determined he isn't really well and he looks perfectly fine and seems to be fairly strong to check the reason he's been here.
So what does the spirit of the law have to do with this?
Yes, in the light.
In all the events, I think Senator Stevens may be ready to develop points for his decision.
He's a well-preserved person.
The first time he has had a chance to see it, he wants to know exactly what senator he wants everybody to know what senator is before he goes around and inspires other great entities.
Yes, there he is.
Yes, the senator has proposed a leadership.
He feels it would be an injustice to serve it, to go to doubt it up.
Something which I would say might smear it consideration the committee's understanding.
Mr. Chairman, so far as I was concerned, I'm ready to act.
Well, I may say the hearing's going to be passed, but I'm a member of the law.
Oh, boy.
He sure was cool.
Oh, now I can't believe that.
Oh, boy.
That's right.
Both of us speaking these things, he sure has a certain look.
I think that's why he's doing this.
Oh, no.
He can forget.
He said that he's up and said he'd have more time to study.
Are the members of the Firemore Times a studyist?
Well, I was a little worried.
I didn't get a warrant to say time to study it.
A right studyist, I want to know what they had to see to the strength of this conversation.
I was respected in whether they had the GQ at all now.
The sheriff was certainly at the scene.
That's the proper time.
And the proper time would be now from the scientific vote on it now.
Well, that's the point.
I'm going to remember if you have more time to study it.
It's been a year or so.
I found that it's better to have that to doubt it better now.
I'll vote on it now.
I'll switch the floor.
I'm opposed to it today.
I asked for the information from these friends of groups as a matter of guidance to me.
The boy I can see, but I see no reason why they cannot be asked just this time.
Well, I think they've had enough time to study it.
The sheriff will propose that.
If they have, or they can say they have, they want to know.
I want to know.
The...
Before he asked that question, they let me ask each of the principals this question.
Because the sheriff wants to say something in his own behalf as to his position on the vote on this matter.
Since I have been referred to by my distinguished ranking and health, I don't make clear what will motivate my vote.
And I would like to do it in my own words.
But before doing that, and before asking them to express any opinion on the resolution,
may I simply make this simple request of each of the students, whether you have had sufficient time in your opinion.
To read over this rather long resolution, so that when I ask the question,
you will be prepared to make a reply, whether you would refer the wait, stay until the 2030 session to do that.
Prior first, on that point, Dennis and the McCartney.
I want to ask one further.
Underdirt and grass and grass and grass and grass and grass and grass.
If not, I just want to find out what you're thinking is.
I will be ready to ask you in a question until you will be ready.
I will read it down for immediately as soon as I have an impression of your words.
Mr. Brack.
Would you like to have an opportunity to discuss with your clients and to tell you how it is said that you are ready to make a decision?
Almost a chairman.
I have seen this resolution in his order form for the first time.
I know that.
I have some pretty well personalized views to what my thinking is.
What my client is not here.
And I think at least my client should have the opportunity to see the resolution and to meet and discuss it with.
It seems that the chair that he has not, obviously, has not missed the chairman to be interpreted, has any lack of decision on what my attitude will be.
The chair will be considered.
It seems to feel that that is a perfectly legitimate position.
He is not a lawyer, but if he was the lawyer for a client, he would think he would want to consult with his client on something and figure this out.
Your exposure is perfect.
Thank you.
I see no reason for asking Mr. Wilson on this question because if one of the parties would like to wait until 2030, I don't think it's better than any of them.
I just found key them in the making it a decision.
I don't think you should put some of this.
I think there is no one here to put a hands on Mr. Wilson.
I think he has the right to decide whether he is being forced to give his decision or not.
If you insist, then I will ask Mr. Wilson whether he feels that this time he has a chance to study this thing adequately.
So he can answer the question that he knows the chair will ultimately ask for whether he would like to have a little more time to read it or not.
Mr. Wilson, I might go to the place on this point.
Really?
I took the fight with the chairman after the hair of the news, but I thought to see all the witnesses that were necessary to come before this committee and public hearing and get the package in this case before this committee.
I have not changed that point of view.
I have no agreement that it is a requirement with any fight.
I still think we must get the back out on this table to calling in public the witnesses who can be seen by the members of this committee and by those in this room and by those on television as they give the testimony,
similarly to what I have done as I have sat here over the day.
Now I do not want to be impertinent in making these remarks as in any way, being an obstructive, I have profound effect for the elective office in this country and for the committees of this Congress and for this committee.
I just don't know what I was saying, but whatever the patient may have been taken by this committee, the army will abide by this.
But insofar as the army is concerned, at the present time, we do not subscribe to the idea of putting witnesses into a speculative process.
He is personally expressing himself and is the henchman deciding he would like to consult with the clients and chairs and guests that we vote on this then, as soon as they are disabtenoned, at which time all parties will have an opportunity to consult.
At which time the chair will ask specifically the question that he has in mind, which he has not probably to determine his vote when it comes to this time of the vote.
Now is the council at the Zoom then we can continue with the examination of witnesses?
I make a court statement at this time, certainly, as I understand this resolution, good for the matter of common sense and fairness, not of law.
I get perturbed in sound as I read it.
Two of the three McCarthy principles have subjected one of the army principles to figure out an intense court examination over a period of some 14 days, 13th drafts.
On the basis of the proposal that is now suggested by my friend and the distinguished colleague from Illinois, one of these two McCarthy principles would never have to answer in public hearings under a single question.
Mr. Chairman, I do not think that is fair or proper, and I want to say again that I am opposed to all executive hearings.
I believe that people have the right to fall in their opinions in open hearing.
Thank you. Any other committee members like to express themselves on the resolution before we begin this interrogation and the second committee?
I just have a brief statement to make in connection with Senator Durston's motion, which in my opinion does not permit all of those accused who take the plan.
I would like to quote from President Eisenhower's remarks made in his city November 23rd, 1953.
If we are going to continue to be proud that we are armed, there must be no weakening of the code by which we have lived.
By the right to meet your accused, there face to face.
I hope my colleague will give serious thought to this very wise pronouncement by President Eisenhower.
Any of my other colleagues?
I have a request for you.
I have a request for all of the President of the United States.
And I can strongly ask that statement.
And I think here, of course, the accused and accused have a person's property trust.
The second way is for the committee to be present.
Whether public hearing shall be reinstated at a later date and testimony taken from others,
rather than through the usual, there is the false ability to be expedited to the public.
So there is nothing unfulfilled in this proceeding.
And it becomes a very fun certificate of a committee of the legislative branch of the government to take the back out.
It is ours and we cannot delegate our aliens that responsibility is some of us that are in a hiding place and is expected to be in a place of justice.